Among the 12 keys the players have,
one of the keys is Angel's Master Key, and one is Demon's Master Key.
(Avengers of the Master Key joined the show.)
(The battle between the Angel and Demon becomes fiercer.)
(They have to find the player who has Angel's Master Key.)
(What will be the result of the players' fierce match?)
They pretend like they don't know anything.
Why did you get an X when you are the Demon?
- It's going to be fun. - Yes, it is.
- Welcome, everyone. - Welcome.
Don't feel awkward.
- Master Village looks different. - Yes, it's changed.
We are all going together.
(Hot 12 players joined today's upgraded match.)
- Welcome, everyone. - We're the only girls.
- Don't feel awkward. - Gosh.
(Lee Sang Min, Seo Jang Hoon, Kim Hee Chul)
Don't do anything stupid.
What do you mean?
We already know each other.
- Is it here? - Thank you.
- Old men, come here. - It looks nice here.
This place is huge. We will have to run a lot today.
Here comes the groom.
(He starts to fool around from the beginning.)
He's so tall.
I haven't been outside for so long. I feel shy.
- Do we go there? - I think so.
Why are you acting this way?
To catch Jang Hoon, we should have brought something.
It's her first time to be on a variety show.
- I like it here. - It's way better here.
- Is it better here? - SBS has a lot of money.
This show has a lot of money.
What is this place?
(They start the game in Room of Fate.)
I like how they designed the room.
You guys can stand wherever you want.
- Can we do that now? - You guys can choose your place.
You can choose the keys as well. It all depends on your luck.
Do you want to swap our places?
Your key is a golden key.
Let's change. I like it here.
(These two decided to change their places.)
It's a golden key.
You guys can guess the Master Keys and choose your places.
It's nice to meet you all.
Welcome to Master Key.
This set looks awesome.
Everyone looks nice in their suits as well.
(He gets surprised to see everyone in their nice suits.)
Daniel is standing right in front of me.
Please greet the viewers.
I feel awkward.
Hello, I'm the superstar of the universe, Kim Hee Chul.
Good. That was a good one.
Hello, I'm Lee Sang Min.
He looks good today.
He is the second on brand reputation rankings.
He was the first for the last six months.
It was too overrated though.
I can't be the first one.
I am living a great life these days.
It feels like I am living my dream every day.
Hello, I am Seo Jang Hoon.
What do you prefer between a game and mystery game?
I prefer the mystery game.
I am good at it. As I am old now, I am quite experienced.
I am lucky to play the game with these great idol singers.
(He tries to win against idol singers.)
- I and Ji Min have met before. - That's right.
- How did you guys meet? - She's one of my favorite singers.
Her dad was my senior when I was at college.
- Really? - I didn't know that.
- Was he also a basketball player? - Yes, he was.
He messaged me saying that I should take care of her.
Jang Hoon won't make fun of her then.
I'm in a drama called, "Strongest Delivery Man".
I played Ji Yoon in the drama.
She was also a model of an airline.
- That was so long ago. - I know.
- She was a model of an airline. - I remember.
- She was. - That's right.
Did they pay you with mileage?
(Gosh)
I was going to help you, but it was such a bad joke.
I should keep my mouth shut.
Are you confident today?
I should just be myself.
He always looks so calm like that every week.
There are some changes in their body languages when people lie.
For example, people tend to raise their right eye.
There has to be some changes in their body languages.
- Can you even see properly? - What?
He was sleeping earlier.
He knows a lot of things about life.
Jackson looks nervous.
I think he's a strong player in Master Key.
As he's not good at speaking Korean, we won't be able to tell his lies.
- Right. - I speak like a foreigner.
Jackson can speak three different languages.
(He's a smart idol singer as he can speak 3 languages.)
- He was born in Gangwon Province. - He was.
He was born in Gangneung, Gangwon Province.
They are our mascots of Master Key. Kang Daniel and Ong Seong Wu.
- Hello. - I'm Kang Daniel of Wanna One.
Hello. I'm Ong Seong Wu of Wanna One.
Great.
Please give some advice to these older players.
- This game is so hard. - Is it?
It's hard to make people to believe you when you're the Angel.
(It's not easy to receive people's votes even when you're Angel.)
I now understand why a lot of people love him,
as I got to see him in person.
- You're so random. - He is.
- Are you trying to be his friend? - No.
- You said it so randomly. - I was just sharing my feelings.
In the waiting room, you said, "Only youngsters are in the show."
Didn't you say that earlier?
Please do not make things up.
- Okay. I understand. - Stop bluffing.
Gosh.
Players.
This is the Room of Fate where all the players can...
find the real Master Keys.
I will now explain the rules of Master Key.
Please open the Judgment Cabinet in front of you.
- Please open them. - All right.
Among the 12 keys,
there are two keys that can open the prize box.
One of the keys is Angel's Master key, and the other one is Demon's.
You all have to find Angel's Master Key.
And if you all manage to open the prize box,
the prize will be multiplied by the number of the votes.
The prize will be equally shared to every player who voted for Angel.
Only when the players manage to find the Angel.
Do we have to tell people that I am the Angel?
If you really have Angel's Master Key, you have to persuade people.
So we have to make people believe you if you're the Angel, right?
- We can trick others too. - That's right.
That's the fun part.
If the players vote for Demon,
the Demon will take the whole prize that is multiplied...
by the number of votes.
We should not vote for Demon.
- The Demon will trick us. - Yes.
So the Demon has to pretend like he doesn't know anything.
- Do you all understand? - Yes.
- If I am the Demon... - Trick people to vote for you...
to win many votes.
I want to be the Demon.
It's not something you can choose.
Why do you want to be the Demon when you're already so rich?
I want to share the prize.
Only Angel can share the prize.
- The Demon can't. - That's right.
If the players vote for a player...
who doesn't have any Master Key,
the person will take the whole prize...
which is also increased by the number of votes.
The person will take the whole prize.
Do you all understand?
People want different things.
It's not multiplied by the number of votes.
The prize will be only increased by the number of votes.
It seems like everyone has their own plans for today's game.
No, I don't.
It's time to find who has those Master Keys.
The Judgment Cabinet will tell you.
This is a very important time as we can see people's facial expression.
(I will keep this face until the end.)
No one will know who has the Master Keys.
Is this key the Master Key?
(He keeps the same face.)
It's hard to read him as he keeps that same face all the time.
I think he's the Angel inside.
What are you saying?
Did you all hear what he just said?
- What is wrong with him? - Look at him.
You used to not care about being close to idol singers.
That's not it.
Why can't I share my thoughts?
I want to go home then.
Bye then.
Is this key...
the Master Key?
I knew it.
I can tell you that...
I have one of the Master Keys.
- Can you all read him? - Yes.
- Do you think he's the Angel? - No, he's not.
(He's sure of his answer.)
I think we all should try hard to guess.
- We shouldn't vote for Demon. - It will be a disaster.
- Is this key the Master Key? - Is this key the Master Key?
I can't wait to see it.
Can she be the Demon?
I think Ji Min is the Demon.
She has the black nail polish on.
- You're scared of her dad. - No, I'm not.
- What are you doing? - Her nails...
He wants to support her that he talks about her nail polish.
Is this key the Master Key?
- Gosh. - "Gosh."
- I can't read him. - It's not going to be fun this way.
- His acting is so bad. - He's so bad at it.
What is the good thing about being the Angel?
Why do you ask when you're not the Angel?
I mean, if I am the Angel...
(Is he really the expert of mystery games?)
"I mean, if I am the Angel..."
I think he's just a passerby.
- I think so too. - I am just asking.
It is hard to make people believe me.
Is this key the Master Key?
Jackson is very smart.
He keeps the same facial expression all the time.
Can I tell people that I am the Demon?
Are you satisfied with the result?
I will just be myself.
Is this key the Master Key?
They are friends.
- Are you the Angel? - You guys won't believe me now.
Is that so?
- Is this key... - Say it in cooler way.
Is this key the Master Key?
Look at Hyun Moo.
What does this mean?
- Look at him acting. - I am so surprised.
- Stop it. - He's so bad at it.
- Stop it. - I am just surprised.
It will be a disaster if he's the Demon.
Are you the Demon?
I hate acting.
This isn't good.
You all have to vote for me today.
Is this key the Master Key?
Seong Wu and Jin Young keep the same faces.
Did you all see him closing the cabinet quickly?
He smiles with his eyes. He's so charming.
- Don't feel awkward. - Gosh.
He's charming. He's a sweet guy.
- "He's a sweet guy." - "He's a sweet guy."
- "He's a sweet guy." - Seong Wu is sweet.
Seong Wu is a sweet guy.
He's sweet like honey.
(What is hiding behind his sweet smile?)
Every player finished checking their keys.
Every player should move to the locker room.
The locker room.
When the door opens, everyone can go to the locker room.
Can't we talk freely...
- and make people trust you? - There are cameras.
There are cameras everywhere.
So you have to keep telling people.
It's fun. I've seen this show before.
Where is the locker room? Do we go up there?
This is bad.
You have to vote for me.
I am the Angel.
I hope you or Jang Hoon not to be the Demon.
Because it will be harder for me.
Seong Wu, are you not the Angel?
I am the Angel.
You are so you.
He took a second to answer you.
He's so funny.
I really am the Angel.
You are bad at lying too.
I am about to go crazy. Because I am the Angel.
I understand how Su Geun felt last week.
- That's... - How do we...
make Angel survive?
- Are you acting now? - No.
The way you ask people...
make us think that you're not the Angel.
- No. Let me tell you this. - He's not the Angel.
He tricked others in the other show.
He didn't get caught...
- until the end. - Did he?
- We played the mafia game. - He's good at the game.
This game is also similar to the mafia game.
He will pretend like he doesn't know anything.
If you want to take as much as possible,
you have to stand on Angel's side.
That's right.
JR isn't the Angel.
He might be the Demon.
We have to tell others.
- But no one is believing me. - I'm actually...
the Angel.
Believe or not, I am the Angel.
How do we make other people to believe me?
Su Geun tried to tell people last time.
I am the Angel.
I am not lying this time.
- Are you not lying this time? - Please,
- believe me this time. - He said this last time too.
But it turned out that he wasn't.
I am not lying this time.
- You are the Demon. - What?
You are the Demon or you got an X.
I didn't get an X.
You are the demon then.
Demon doesn't get X.
No. Did you get an O then?
Does O mean I am the Demon?
No.
(What is he saying?)
They tell you on the screen whether you're the Angel or Demon.
You are so scary.
If you're acting now,
you can win an award in acting.
Everyone is taking a rest. I need to ask them something.
(He meets up with the female players at the cafe.)
As long as you two aren't the Demon, I am okay.
- Are you the Angel? - Yes. I am.
Are you the Angel?
- Yes. - No. You are the Demon, right?
- I am not. - I think you are the Demon.
I am trying to tell you.
I am the Angel.
Stop it.
- What is she doing? - I am telling you.
I am telling you the truth.
Gosh. She's driving me crazy.
- I am telling you. - This won't work.
- This won't work. - You shouldn't tell the others.
I didn't expect her to be like this. I should go.
- This isn't good. - Is he lying to us?
They are lying to me.
He's the Demon.
- He's the Demon. - I think so too.
They're even worse.
(Who is telling the truth?)
It's impossible to talk to them.
They're even worse.
(Investigation Mission 1)
(This place looks fun.)
It's going to be painful.
That thing kills people.
Yes. It looks so painful.
Why do they always bring the massaging pad in every variety show?
I hate that thing.
It's like needles.
(It sure will help to circulate their blood.)
- It's like needles. - It's going to hurt.
I hate this massage board.
I am not good at games which I need to use my body.
I am better at psychological game.
You were the worst one.
I am not good at games which I need to use my body.
- You're worse than me. - I am so bad at this kind of games.
- Can I ask one question? - Yes.
If the Angel...
- You are not the Angel. - You are not the Angel.
You are not the Angel.
You don't need to worry about the Angel.
- I need to ask this. - What are you doing?
- Please. - I am so curious.
He doesn't know anything about the game.
Let's do the first game.
A player who received the most votes from the viewers,
he or she will receive a gold chance ticket.
He or she will get a privilege.
I think Jang Hoon received the most votes.
He has so many fans...
from when he was a basket player.
They are much older now.
I am sorry to interrupt.
(He's speechless.)
Please stop saying something like that.
We have so many popular celebrities here.
We have members of Super Junior and Wanna One.
Of course.
We also have a member of AOA.
AOA and NU'EST.
They are top idol singers.
Who is the player who received the most votes?
(Who received the most votes from the viewers?)
Kang Daniel.
(Daniel won 2 weeks in a row.)
(He received the most votes from the viewers 2 weeks in a row.)
This is so mean.
I always say this. The last player must get the ticket too.
It's unfair because only the first one gets the privilege.
Then you'll always get the ticket, Hyun Moo.
Only the same person gets the ticket all the time.
"You received two votes."
(He received 2 votes.)
Daniel can use two votes.
He won last week with this golden ticket.
- He's a great guy. - I'm so jealous.
He's a young and fantastic guy.
I respect him so much.
(One vote can turn the table around.)
(Whoever gets Daniel's 2 votes...)
(will survive in this war.)
(However, no one knows...)
(which Master Key Daniel has.)
(Is there a fried chicken place?)
(Who will get Daniel's votes?)
Let's start the first game.
Human Goalpost Basketball.
One player from each team becomes the goalpost.
2 players play the game. It's a 3-to-3 game.
The goalposts will be attached on their backs.
You guys can run around.
But we have to play the game on this massage board.
It hurts to even stand on it.
Everyone gets to play.
It hurts.
- It hurts. - He looks fine.
- It does hurt. - You should run around then.
Walk slowly.
I can't do this.
It hurts so much.
(Massaging your feet makes you healthy.)
How are we going to play the game? It hurts to even stand on this.
(How are we going to play basketball?)
(Why are you guys so weak?)
This is hurts so much.
Where do you want to stand?
- I will be the goalpost. - Okay.
- You have to run around then. - He can be the goalpost.
Put this on.
Hee Chul can be the goalpost and I will try to score.
(Hee Chul is the goalpost in Jang Hoon's team.)
It's better for me to throw the balls.
Great.
I haven't done something like this before.
I will try to dodge every ball.
Don't you feel the pain?
I will try my best to protect it.
You guys should know...
that I am the Angel.
He's not the Angel.
- I am... - You are so random.
You guys should believe me...
as I am trying so hard.
(As the game starts, unhealthy people show up.)
Does anyone have that thing?
(It's even hard to stand on it.)
- Gosh. - It hurts.
It hurts so much.
I must have bad health.
(Everyone's in the same boat.)
Everyone starts screaming.
Hurry up.
For the first round, I, JR,
and Hee Chul will play first.
For us, Sang Min, Jackson, and Seong Wu will play first.
Where do we start then? Let's play rock-paper-scissors.
Jump ball.
We can't do the jump ball on this thing.
(It will be their last day if they do the jump ball.)
We won't do that today.
Do the jump ball.
- Do I jump? - Shall I jump?
(They decide to do the jump ball.)
- I can't do this. - Okay. Let's start.
- It hurts so much. - Here we go.
This is the first five minutes of the first round.
Hold on. Hyun Moo.
I don't play basketball...
on variety shows. But...
(Are you having an interview?)
I don't usually do this.
We have to win in order to...
- receive... - Let's just start the game now.
- We have to win. - It hurts so much.
(Jang Hoon keeps talking.)
No.
It feels very humiliating...
to play basketball on a variety show.
It is very rare to see Jang Hoon...
- playing basketball on a show. - It is.
- Let's start. - Get ready.
(We heard your story very well. Let's start already.)
(The first half begins.)
Good.
(He caught the ball.)
- Catch him. - What's he doing?
- Hold on. - Why are you stopping the game?
- What's wrong? - If he was doing the jump ball,
he was supposed to hit the ball not run with the ball.
We just do things like this on variety shows.
- This is a variety show. - Do it again.
Then why did you guys even jump?
You were supposed to hit the ball.
Jump ball.
(He teaches them about the jump ball.)
I was surprised as well.
- It hurts so much when I jump. - You were supposed to hit the ball.
- Do I hit the ball then? - Do you know how to play the game?
You have to hit the ball to the other side first.
This is a variety show.
I understand that this is a variety show.
- You were supposed to know it. - We don't know it well.
Ready.
Let's go.
(He managed to hit the ball this time.)
Hold on. I think I hurt the ankle.
(You can't just stop the game like that.)
It began. You can't do that.
Go. Run.
Just run.
You don't need to dribble the ball.
Don't we need to dribble the ball?
Okay. Pass the ball.
You can try me.
(You can come and attack me.)
What are you doing?
(It will be the last round.)
(It's fun to watch.)
Why is it so crowded there?
(Jang Hoon passes the ball to Hee Chul.)
(He rushes to the ball.)
Wait.
(This is my chance to take a shot.)
You can't dunk it in my hoop.
(He got the wrong hoop.)
(We are playing basketball, right?)
Go to the other hoop!
You can't put it in my hoop.
(He passes to Seong Wu who has no clue about the game.)
- You need to make the shot. - All right.
Hey, you need to get it in.
(This is the blocking...)
(of Korea's best basketball player.)
Get it in the hoop.
(Bring back the 1997.)
Get it in!
Pass it to him.
(The blocking didn't last long.)
(His teammate makes an alley-oop pass,)
(and Jackson makes an alley-oop dunk.)
(Jackson has scored 1 point so far.)
(The score is 0 to 1, and Team Hyun Moo is leading.)
Jackson, that was great.
- That looked so cool. - Hey.
He dunked it.
Jackson, that was great.
- Score a lot of points. - With this arm...
(I'll get started, guys.)
- All right. - Let's go.
Hey, block him well.
I can't believe I'm doing this with these jokers.
(He passes the ball straight rather indifferently.)
My gosh.
What's happening? Is pulling allowed?
(There are some things my instincts notice despite my sentiment.)
(It's the weakness of the opposing team.)
(Oh, no. We just made eye contact.)
(There's no point of you guys playing.)
- Jackson, what are you doing? - Hey, pass it to me. Hurry.
(It's their chance to turn the table around.)
(Who is he? He's scaring me.)
(Will he be able to bring...)
(back the glory of the old days?)
(See you later!)
(Catch me if you can!)
Seriously? How can he run so fast?
(Running restores his youth.)
Hey, let me have it. JR!
My gosh, he's good.
- Hurry. Where are you shooting at? - Get it in that hoop!
(In the midst of this, he still confuses the hoops.)
(Seong Wu gets the ball again.)
- What are you doing? - Shoot! Make the shot!
Jump and shoot!
(After distracting the opponents...)
Shoot!
(He tries to dunk the ball.)
(Don't you dare try...)
(your funny business here.)
(That's not how you play basketball.)
(JR gets a lucky break and scores a point.)
(JR has scored 1 point so far.)
- Hold on. - What?
You were holding the hoop.
(Good job on holding the hoop and acting fast.)
That hurts so much.
All right.
- We need to score 1 point. - 2 minutes and 30 seconds passed.
- What? - Only 2 minutes and 30 second?
Only 2 minutes and 30 seconds passed.
- We need to stop him, JR. - Come to this side.
- Jackson, we need another point. - Hey, hurry and make a shot.
- Jang Hoon should've had the hoop. - Why are you going there?
- Hey. - Hold on a minute.
- I think my feet are bleeding. - You can just try it there.
Who is he? Do we have a new yoga teacher?
(What?)
- Your back looks sexy. - Right.
Instructor, are we learning the cat pose?
(Welcome to Seong Wu's Pilates class.)
He's a new Pilates teacher.
(I can definitely relate to his pain.)
- JR, I want you to stay over there. - Pass it to me.
(Team Hyun Moo plays offense.)
Stay next to the hoop.
Don't use your strength.
- Come on, you're a man. - Make the shot.
(Let me handle the defense.)
- Let me try this. - When you steal my heart
(He blocks the players and the hoop.)
(Hee Chul tries to hide behind Jang Hoon.)
Don't do it! No!
(He fails to score.)
He's right behind you! Right behind you!
(The acupressure mat pokes their feet again.)
- You got it. Go! Run! - Seriously?
(He has a chance to score with the help of Jang Hoon's play.)
(This is a chance to score 1 on 1.)
(You must...)
(score no matter what.)
(Did he try to dunk?)
(He must be dreaming.)
(He crumbles down like a falling leaf.)
That must have hurt your bottom.
- We got it. That's it! - Nice.
(Team Hyun Moo counterattacks.)
No, please don't. I love you, Jackson.
What is he saying?
(Hee Chul,)
(I'm on my way.)
What are you doing?
Watch your back.
(He gets the ball from Hee Chul.)
What was that, Jackson?
(This enthusiastic player heads to...)
No! He's right behind you! Right behind you!
(Tugging)
(I can see the hoop now.)
My goodness. Unbelievable!
(He runs to rejuvenate his youth for the 2nd time.)
(He passes to Jang Hoon to target Sang Min.)
I can't believe this.
My goodness.
Jang Hoon, make the shot.
He's acting weird.
- Be careful. - Dunk it!
(He passes it back to JR.)
(Sang Min runs to restore his youth for the 3rd time.)
(Where are you going, Sang Min?)
(Gosh, he's persistent.)
Come here, hoop!
(Sang Min, if you run away,)
(it's going to be hard for both of us.)
(JR has scored 2 points so far.)
- Are you serious? - You can't do that.
He got it in.
He's beat.
Hey.
- Collapse after you repay the debt. - He got it in.
(You'll shock the creditors.)
How many minutes do we have?
Jackson, we must win.
We won't be able to score any points in the second half.
- Let's start from the other side. - We're in trouble.
We won't be able to score any.
We must get our victory in the first half.
- Eun Hyuk and I can't do anything. - I'm sorry for that.
What's wrong with him?
That doesn't matter in basketball.
- Be careful. - You're playing basketball.
- Isn't that a sport? - It hurts.
- Let's go. - Let's just grab them.
- Everyone should grab one. - Okay.
- We're doomed. - Yes, we won.
- No, no. We'll win. - This is our win.
- I can't do anything. - Jackson.
Good luck.
- Start. - We don't have much time left.
(He passes the ball and runs at full speed.)
(Jackson is known for his speed.)
Hey, hey! Pass it over there.
(I'm going to score a point too!)
- All right. - Stop him.
(Let's stall time.)
- Grab him. - Stop him.
Right here.
(This is how amateurs play basketball.)
Run, run, run!
(Meanwhile, Jackson gets the ball.)
Jackson, run!
(He grits his teeth...)
(and does his best to score a point.)
(Can he penetrate Jang Hoon's ironclad defense...)
(and earn a point to make the score even?)
(Please make the game tied.)
(No way. Can it be tied?)
(He manages to score a point.)
(Jackson has scored 2 points so far.)
- Jackson! - Yes!
Well done.
- It went in. - Why aren't you on the mat?
- We can't do that. - Hey.
- Come here. - That was great.
- Go away. - Hey!
Gosh, it hurts!
(Seong Wu is ready to end it.)
I understand your posture now.
Didn't we run out of time...
- before he scored it? - I thought...
- Didn't it end before his shot? - No.
- It ended after the shot. - No.
- Don't you know a buzzer beater? - He counted the seconds.
Don't you know a buzzer beater?
Excuse me, there's no such thing for this kind of game.
- Of course there is. - No way.
- Did you see that? - Seriously.
(The first half ends with the score of 2 to 2.)
- Congratulations. - That was perfect.
- That was a buzzer beater. - That was perfect. Great.
- We're going to change now. - This is so hard.
This game is really hard,
so prepare yourselves before playing. I mean every word of it.
(Hyun Moo, Eun Hyuk, and Won Hee)
(The trio of weaklings of Team Hyun Moo sets out to play.)
Shoot. Hey.
- I can't even move an inch. - Wait.
- Eun Hyuk. - Yes?
- We only need 1 point. - 1 point?
- I'll do a good job running away. - Just 1 point?
(These 2 players, Jin Young and Ji Min, don't raise concern at all,)
(but this guy raises some concern.)
Daniel should be the hoop.
The hoop?
(Make no mistake. This isn't on slow motion.)
(The more he steps on the mat,)
(the more of his memory on the day comes back.)
(Hyun Moo's patience runs low.)
- I don't think I can do this. - It's the other way around.
- Aren't I good? - Daniel can't walk on the mat.
- My gosh. - So he should be the hoop.
It hurts because you work too much. You're not healthy.
(This is a present for you since you're so busy these days.)
I'm sorry.
- I keep hearing the goalie sigh. - This is too hard.
(I can do this.)
- What's that sound? - Get ready. We're starting soon.
- But this is... - Make sure you jump.
Get ready.
(It'd be disappointing without the jump ball.)
Jump.
- Hurry. - Hey.
(Both players touch the ball at the same time.)
Let's do it again.
(It was a foul.)
- Let's do it again. - Hey, Eun Hyuk.
You can do this.
(My back is on fire!)
Eun Hyuk.
(Are you serious?)
- Let's do it again. - Eun Hyuk.
Jang Hoon, Eun Hyuk had the best jump ball.
Both players touched the ball at the same time.
We must do it again. Again.
Get ready. 1, 2...
(Doing the jump ball twice brings more fun.)
There you go!
- Eun Hyuk. - Is this our ball?
Won Hee is doing good.
(Out of many choices she can make, she decides to...)
We need to put it in that hoop?
(After she checks her target,)
(she runs at the speed of light.)
(The bulldozer of the acupressure mat reveals herself.)
(What is happening?)
(She's scary!)
(This is why Hyun Moo only scored 79 points on his abilities.)
(In no time, she moves to the other side.)
(She manages to make a killing pass.)
(I got you!)
(Jin Young has scored 1 point so far.)
(Team Jang Hoon moves fast, endures pain well, and has good physiques.)
I knew it. Her father was a former basketball player.
(A basketball player's daughter)
She's a descendant of a basketball player.
- She really is. - Wait.
She's very athletic.
It's not that. Her feet can't feel pain. That's all.
No, she really is a descendant of a basketball player.
She's good. My team is the best.
Go, Team Jang Hoon!
Eun Hyuk.
(Team Hyun Moo plays offense.)
- Just score 1 point. - We need to 1 point.
- I'm sorry. - Eun Hyuk.
- Won Hee. - Don't let them take the ball.
Won Hee is doing everything.
(She must've been frustrated.)
(She does a trick play...)
(and runs at full speed.)
(At last,)
(it's time for the pain.)
Eun Hyuk.
- Block her. - Here!
There you go! Come on!
Eun Hyuk, come on.
(Are you a branch?)
Please.
(They're in a total mess.)
(It's getting messier as time goes by.)
Ji Min.
(Jin Min and Jin Young's teamwork is good.)
Here she goes!
You can do this! Go for it!
Right here.
(Is the descendant of a basketball player...)
(trying to dunk?)
She's going for the dunk.
(Is the descendant of a basketball player trying to dunk?)
(She fails to dunk by a close call.)
- She tried to dunk. - She went for the dunk.
(Daniel, I'm coming for you!)
(Why?)
- That's it! - He's right there!
He's almost there.
(Why are you coming at me?)
(Extreme Jobs, Being a Basketball Hoop)
(In the midst of this mess,)
(he still has quick reflexes.)
(He runs a lap around the basketball court in an instant.)
Hey, relay races might be fun on this mat. It'll be funny.
(I think I already ran the relay race.)
(Ji Min, the fierce player, has the chance to score again.)
(I'm going to score this time.)
She's behind you.
Hey.
(Team Hyun Moo relies on Won Hee.)
- Run! - No way!
(Daniel, come here.)
(Is it me again?)
(His energy is low after running for 3 times.)
(Won Hee has scored 1 point so far.)
- No, it didn't go in yet. - The ball didn't go in.
- Did it go in? - It counts as a point.
She runs so well.
Eun Hyuk, what are you doing?
I thought you were playing red light, green light.
Keep running. Don't stop.
We should do it now.
Stay there, and I will...
(Won Hee is deployed to the front line.)
- Eun Hyuk, why do you only pass? - Yes?
- Why can't you steal the ball? - Steal the ball from him.
- Ji Min, just do it. - Let's start from here.
- Get it from him. - That's it.
Do your feet have dead skin cells? How could you not feel the pain?
Eun Hyuk's hair looks so cool on stage,
- but his hair looks silly here. - Pass.
Eun Hyuk, you need to score one too.
Go.
I think Eun Hyuk is trying to look cool.
Why did you try that? You were never going to make that shot.
- Can we switch players? - We need time to decide!
He said, "decide", not "time-out".
- Please gather here. - We need a time-out.
Yes, you can have a time-out,
- Have it standing on the mat. - Time-out, please.
- When he played, he complained. - Excuse me.
But now that he's wearing shoes, he's giving them all sort of rules.
If we need to stand on the mat, we don't want a time-out.
Please, Eun Hyuk.
- Hey, you. - Don't let her come here.
(He passes without looking.)
I told you not to do something that you can't pull off.
Eun Hyuk, please.
That's it.
- Daniel. - Seriously.
(Hey, give me the ball.)
(Eun Hyuk causes a setback for his team by blocking the way.)
(With Eun Hyuk blocking the way, he escapes without any problems.)
(I love Eun Hyuk.)
Put it on your shoulder! Do it.
(Ji Min gets the ball again.)
- Ji Min. - I'm sorry.
(The fierce player is back.)
Ji Min is really fast.
Put it in!
What are you doing, Eun Hyuk?
(Let's just call it quits.)
It hurts so much.
(Hyun Moo tries to escape from Ji Min's side.)
Right here!
(Ji Min, pass it to me!)
(The target is walking towards him.)
Right here!
(If we score this...)
What is that?
(We'll be able to take the lead with this shot.)
(The daughter of a basketball player passes the ball.)
No, no.
- 4, 3... - Yes!
(With few seconds left, they obtain a point.)
We won!
(Jin Young has scored 2 points so far.)
Give me a second.
(Team Jang Hoon wins!)
Good job.
Great work. Well done.
Good job. Everyone, good work.
- Daniel, you did well. - Good job.
Okay.
This concludes Team Jang Hoon wins the game, Moving Basketball Hoop.
(Which Key Guide will they choose?)
- Yes! - We'll give you the Key Guide.
All right. Let's read the Key Guide.
Read the menu and choose one.
- I want jjajangmyeon. - I want jjamppong.
I want stir-fried spicy pork.
Stir-fried spicy pork? I guess you like stir-fried spicy pork.
Bring us our food, please.
Do Chinese restaurants serve stir-fried spicy pork?
Yes, they do.
Everyone should choose the same one.
(Winning 6 players can find out 1 player has the Master Key or not.)
We don't need the rest of them.
- That one is the most important. - Let's go with that.
Isn't this one better?
They even take forever to even choose one of the hints.
- Guys, just choose one. - We should go with this.
- Okay. - We're having half and half.
- All right. - Which one did you choose?
The one we have chosen is the first one on the Key Guide.
6 players of the winning team can name 1 player...
of their choice among 12 players.
Only these players will find out...
if the chosen player has the Master Key or not.
Since it says they can choose anyone among 12 players, you can...
- name a player from your team. - Right.
We'll choose one player.
- Only we get to check the result. - That's correct.
You won't know if that player is the Angel or Demon.
- You'll get either "Yes" or "No". - I see.
Then even with that, there's a 50 to 50 chance.
When they name the player, observe them to figure out the player.
Whoever is chosen must tell the truth, right?
They can act like that's the truth.
(Does Seong Wu have the Master Key? Does Sang Min have the Master Key?)
(Ji Min has disappeared.)
- Ji Min! - Yes?
This is a big show. You need to still be on the camera.
(Does Jang Hoon have the Master Key?)
I'm done writing. I'll put it here.
Are you done writing it down?
(When they hand over the paper, they'll get the answer.)
Once they get their own envelope,
all we can do is just observing their faces.
This is yours, Ji Min.
(They receive their answers.)
- Thank you. - I feel like I'm being paid.
- Jang Hoon looks like a gangster. - This looks like a drama.
He's Boss Seo.
- Thank you. - He gives out 100,000 dollars.
The answer says on the paper?
- Yes. It's either "Yes" or "No". - I see.
Should I read it in front of this camera?
(Daniel has or does not the Master Key.)
(This is their golden opportunity to find out a suspicious player.)
I just got the goose bumps. Is this true?
We can't check other people's answers, can we?
No, you can't.
(Seong Wu has or does not have the Master Key.)
This is amazing.
We can't show it to other people.
We can't show it to them, but we can tell them.
(Ji Min has or doesn't have the Key. Jang Hoon has or does not the Key.)
Jang Hoon, why do you look like you're hiding something?
Did you just call me ugly?
(Sang Min has or does not have the Master Key.)
(Why is Daniel so surprised?)
(He asked if Sang Min has the Master Key.)
(What was the answer?)
(The player of your choice has the Master Key.)
(Sang Min is either the Angel or the Demon.)
Is this key the Master Key?
(Yes, this key is the Master Key.)
(After he found out his key was the Master Key,)
(He kept his composure.)
(He even checked the upsides of being the Angel.)
(Afterward, he started to tell them he is the Angel.)
(He tried his best to win the game in order to acquire the Key Guide.)
(Or is he the Demon and trying to keep prize money all to himself?)
You can tell the truth...
or trick your team.
- Whom did you choose? - What about you?
Hey, Hee Chul. You can't doubt me.
So whom did you choose?
- Won Hee doesn't have it. - Whom did you pick?
- Jin Young, whom did you pick? - Did you write, "Park Jin Young"?
No, I didn't.
- Whose name did you write? - I wrote Sang Min's name.
- Oh, right. - What was it?
- He has it. - Was the answer, "Yes"?
He does have the Key.
(Sang Min has the Master Key?)
Daniel, you're saying you wrote his name, and he has the Key?
- Come on. - There are other people here.
The other team is standing there.
- It's not that, but you guys... - Wait.
(This guy in a white shirt seems particularly suspicious.)
Do you think we're that dumb? Your elbow isn't a camera.
My goodness. Oh, dear.
- This is what he did. - His clothes...
How can this be? Be serious.
This isn't a missile.
(My gosh, I was so close.)
- This is... - But we didn't realize it.
- Let's go. - We didn't see him there.
Let's go.
- Hey. - What?
- What is it? - Hold on.
- What do you want? - Just give me a second.
- Come here. - Why?
Just this once.
(They are in the same group. Will they tell the truth?)
Jackson, I found out you don't have the Key.
Did you choose me?
Our team just discussed this, and you don't have it.
- You know? - Yes.
- Your key isn't the Master Key. - You know? It's not.
I know everyone's keys.
So whom do you want me to vote for?
I need to do more digging.
- I'm Angel. I must find Demon. - Are you lying to me?
You're the Angel?
- So it's like... - In my heart, you are an angel.
You need to trust me.
(You need to trust me.)
- Trust me. - Trust you?
- Yes. - Then swear it to me.
- Sang Min's key... - I'm sure it's not the Master Key.
- No, he has the Master Key. - He does?
He's the Demon.
(Really?)
- He said he didn't have it. - Only he has the Key on your team.
Sang Min has the Key...
which means he's the Demon.
Hey, I told you. Don't even try to act when you're with me.
Trust me.
After the shoot,
you're going to tell me that it was for the show, aren't you?
Be honest with yourself.
- Don't say this after the shoot. - Okay. I got it.
- I hold grudges. - I know that.
I know you.
(Is Sang Min really the Demon?)
(While the members of Got7 are sizing each other up...)
I would like iced vanilla latte.
(Daniel confirmed that Sang Min has the Master Key.)
You do have the Key.
I checked you out.
(You checked my key? I see.)
- I know yours isn't the Key. - Wait.
- Daniel, I need a word with you. - Why?
- He's too... - It'll take only a few seconds.
- I just need one minute. - Didn't I tell you?
- I said that? - Yes.
I was going to trust him.
Assuming you're neither Angel nor Demon,
I'll insist that you're Angel.
Sang Min is Demon.
Daniel has two votes.
He keeps talking to him, which means he's Demon.
Sang Min is Demon.
- Really? - Yes.
(He spreads a rumor that Sang Min is Demon.)
It's certain that Sang Min is Demon.
- What's certain? - He's Demon.
It's because I'm Angel.
- Stop it. - I'm not kidding.
- I acted like him last week. - Why didn't I check?
I acted like him last week.
- I don't know how to be convincing. - I wasn't good at convincing.
(Seong Wu begs others to believe that he's Angel.)
(Right after Key Guide...)
- What did you read? - You aren't it.
What are you talking about? You're so arrogant.
- When I opened it, it said... - You're forward.
- "It's not Seong Wu." - "It's not Seong Wu."
That's what it said.
We'll be in trouble if you do this.
- It really said, - You must believe me.
"It's not Seong Wu."
My goodness.
Please believe me.
You must support me to get the key.
- If... - Don't you want fried chicken?
- I do. - I want some soy sauce chicken.
I want chicken tenders.
I prefer with bones.
What about chicken tenders and regular chicken?
They don't believe me.
I want soy sauce chicken.
- Will you buy us chicken? - Is there any nearby?
I'll ask the managers.
Seong Wu.
Who do you think is Angel?
I'm Angel.
- He doesn't fall for it. - I know.
I'm about to lose my mind because no one believes me.
I should change the way I talk.
I sound too much...
- I know what you mean. - like a fool.
- I sound like a fool. - I'm Angel.
(He's exhausted.)
Please support me.
- I'm... - Are you teasing me?
You both know that I'm Angel,
- but you're teasing me. - I don't know.
You're trying to make me buy you chicken.
- How would we know? - How would we know?
We don't know the answer.
(Please believe me.)
(The 3 insist that they're Angel.)
(Is there Angel or Demon among them?)
(Investigation Mission 2)
(What's the second Investigation Mission?)
Shall we take off our shoes?
Is it jumping?
Here's the second passerby who's hairy.
My goodness.
- Do you want to fail together? - That's not how it's done.
Jang Hoon is rather playful.
Why are you following me?
Follow someone else.
- You're being frustrating. - Goodness.
- That's not how to play it. - Why is he following me?
You're terrible at playing psychological games.
Sang Min is definitely Demon.
- What about Seong Wu? - Seong Wu...
Seong Wu is neither.
I stopped Seong Wu.
I lied to him that Jackson is neither.
He believed me.
Everyone is bad at playing psychological games.
What are you saying?
He said that 100 times...
while following me.
- That's not how to play it. - I heard you.
- Gosh. - What?
He's doomed anyway.
Jang Hoon was doomed first.
The second to be doomed is Sang Min.
If I say that I'm Angel from the start,
I was worried that everyone would bother me.
Who was Angel last week?
- It was me. - Daniel.
- I respect you. - Why?
How did you stand the frustration?
- Why are you acting? - You're obviously acting.
- You should wait. - You're obviously acting.
- Now... - What's the next game?
The second game is called Rubber Band Fencing.
We play 1 against 1.
Two members of the opponent team...
pull on the player so that he can't go forward.
The player must resist and go forward.
The one to pop the opponent's balloon wins.
- Therefore... - They have an advantage.
Jackson used to be a professional fencing player.
- That's unfair. - If you consider that...
He was a national athlete in fencing.
- That's unfair. - If you consider that,
Jang Hoon is too tall.
Everyone has a disadvantage.
We played basketball against a professional player.
He's not good at basketball.
(He tries to remain calm.)
When asked to play basketball,
he complains about his weak bones or neck pain.
What is he good at?
He's bad at psychological games.
I'm not usually on shows with many people because...
it hurts my ears.
He says that his eyes and ears hurt.
Let's just play.
Player number one.
- Start. - Wait.
(Daniel from Team Jang Hoon versus Sang Min from Team Hyun Moo)
Yes, we won.
- Wait. - We won.
It will be difficult.
Let me give you an advice.
If you move forward and back quickly,
Sang Min will pass out from the energy.
He'll pass out.
You have to win within 30 seconds.
He hasn't taken medicine in a long time.
You have to win immediately, okay?
(Goodness.)
What's going on?
- That's great, Daniel. - He's strong.
He's really strong.
(He increases his power.)
(It's the strength of a man.)
We already lost, Sang Min.
We're doomed.
(We already lost.)
- Let's play a good game. - You can do it.
- Let's play a good game. - Be careful of your back.
I gave everything to Daniel.
It's okay even if I lose.
You shouldn't say that.
However,
please understand if I play my way and win.
Let's go.
- You must win at the start. - Okay.
Start.
(Who will be the winner?)
- Let's go. - Let's go.
Hey, hey.
(He sways.)
- Hey, hey. - It looks uncomfortable.
- Wait, Sang Min. - Is it martial arts?
(Is it martial arts or fencing?)
It's too loose.
Hey, hey.
Let's go.
He seems unstable.
- Hey, hey. - It's martial arts.
(He gets ready.)
(He's about to use his secret technique.)
Let's go.
(He falls.)
- Come on. - What happened?
(It's not fencing. He's playing darts.)
(He fails in the end.)
(He picks up his sword.)
Attack him now.
- What's going on? - He seems unstable.
What is Sang Min doing?
(Here I go.)
Wait a minute.
(His energy is explosive.)
Won Hee might fly off.
We don't need to pull Sang Min.
(The game is too easy for them.)
- Let Sang Min do what he wants. - Do what you want.
(Grant him his freedom to play fencing.)
(He failed his first attempt, but he has another plan.)
(Startled)
No.
(He puts down his guard.)
(Here I come to pop the balloon.)
(Popping and jumping)
(Did everyone see that?)
Seriously?
(He jumps and attacks.)
(Is this Sang Min that we know?)
That technique is from a movie.
It's not what we expected, so you must play again.
What happened?
- Sang Min wins. - That was good.
Daniel, it's humiliating for you.
- I feel terrible. - Sang Min.
It's completely humiliating.
It's from a movie.
That was amazing.
It was great.
He jumped and attacked.
(He does a finishing pose.)
(Round 2 starts.)
- It's Hee Chul. - Hee Chul.
Let me carefully say...
- that I expect Hee Chul to win. - You don't need to be careful.
It's because he's quite trained physically.
- Right. - What about me?
Hyun Moo?
I've never seen him play fencing before.
I think...
I'll surprise you.
- This round is important. - Let's go.
I'll show you why I'm Angel.
Get ready.
Start.
- Let's go, Ji Min. - Let's go.
Vote for me, Won Hee.
Let's go, Won Hee.
Let's go.
I'm really good at it because I play games a lot.
Look how clumsy he is.
He has nothing other than "Lucifer".
(Stop being clumsy.)
(It's easy to pull him.)
(Shall I start attacking?)
(Swing)
Goodness.
(He swings about.)
(He's about to hit everyone.)
We should back up.
Back up.
It's almost over.
Goodness.
My team members... I'm sorry.
(He has strong defense.)
(Is it the sword or the shield?)
It looks like an actual game.
(It goes well.)
(Who will be the winner?)
[VIU Ver] SBS E06 Master Key "Massage Board Basketball"
-= Ruo Xi =-
(Swing)
Goodness.
(He swings about.)
(He's about to hit everyone.)
We should back up.
Back up.
It's almost over.
Goodness.
My team members... I'm sorry.
(He has strong defense.)
(Is it the sword or the shield?)
It looks like an actual game.
(He successfully attacks him in one go.)
(Hyun Moo is humiliated.)
Did I hit your face?
(Thanks to Hee Chul, the scores are tied.)
All right.
(He's still clumsy.)
Look at him.
- I knew Hee Chul would win. - Right.
Hyun Moo is no match for him.
I wanted to pop the bottom one.
(He attacks Hyun Moo.)
(According to Hyun Moo, being clumsy is key in fencing.)
- Here are the next players. 2, 3. - 2, 3.
(Third player from each team)
Goodness.
(Attacker Jang Hoon is up next.)
- Put the balloons on me. - It's the worst.
(It's a huge difference in weight.)
- Eun Hyuk. - I'll attack him in one go.
Attack him in one go, Eun Hyuk.
Show how agile you are.
Someone strong should pull him.
Can you pull Jang Hoon?
I'll try.
Whether I win or not,
- I'll go forward. - Forward?
What if I pull them?
We have no choice.
Then they'll be pulled.
What would you like to say?
Let me warm up.
Say something.
- I'll leave you alone. - I will show you...
the agility of an anchovy.
I'll make soup out of you.
(He gets more scared.)
Anchovy soup?
Do you mean broth?
You brought up anchovy.
Get ready.
(It's a giant versus an anchovy.)
Set.
(Who will be the winner?)
Start.
(Let's move forward.)
(Come on, you weakling.)
(He dodges.)
(Jang Hoon pulls the other members.)
What are you doing?
(Why are you in my territory?)
- What are you doing? - What?
(Anchovy is trapped.)
(Let's eat anchovy soup for dinner.)
What are you doing?
(What have we done?)
- I knew it. - He can't come all the way here.
Yes, we won!
- Let's cheer. - That was fast.
- What happened? - Where's the camera?
There's the camera.
- There it is. - Hello.
- Hello. - Long time no see.
It's a fight between Seong Wu and JR.
It's called A Cluster.
Let's find out.
You're great, JR.
(It's messy from the start.)
Let's go. You can win, JR.
(He stumbles.)
(He moves backward without being pulled.)
- Are you trying to be funny? - No.
He's so light.
(Second slapstick)
(He's a rising star who's weak.)
He looks like Yoon Suk.
He might be blown away by a fan.
Attack him now.
(Popping)
- Gosh. - What was that?
What happened?
(It's Ji Min versus Won Hee.)
Won Hee, please vote for me.
(Vote for me, Won Hee.)
Wait, Won Hee.
Vote for me.
(He's persistent.)
That's right. You're doing well, Won Hee.
(Team Jang Hoon is winning.)
The unexpected continues.
My goodness.
- We have to change. - Won Hee.
Please vote for me.
Everyone.
The last match remains.
- How did it turn out this way? - This is great.
How did it happen?
- Is he good? - He's excellent.
He was a professional fencing player.
(He was part of the national team.)
Jackson.
- Does he have to pop all three? - Yes.
(He must pop 3 balloons to win.)
Goodness.
- Show us sabre. - Let's go.
(He's quick.)
(His sword moves quickly as the wind.)
- He got it. - It's over.
Jin Young.
Get ready.
Wait, cheer for me.
- You can do it. - You can do it.
The two over there.
- Do a cheer. - Let's go.
- Jackson. - You can do it, Jackson.
I'm sorry,
but can you start?
(What's taking so long?)
- It's annoying. - Jang Hoon.
- Seriously. - Don't be jealous.
Leave him be.
(The score is 3 to 2.)
Get ready, set.
(Will Jackson save his team?)
(Or will Team Jang Hoon win?)
Start.
(He advances.)
(They're startled by his force.)
- That's good. - Come on, let's go.
Jackson.
Jin Young is good too.
Gosh, Jin Young.
(Jin Young seems experienced.)
- That was sharp. - Be careful.
Got7.
Their pride is on the line.
That's right.
Will it be Jin Young or Jackson?
- He crossed the line. - That's good.
Jin Young is doing his best.
- He's playing with a professional. - That's right.
- Jin Young. - What happened?
What happened?
Save the balloons.
He has to put it back on.
(Pop)
(A nice attack)
Put the balloons back on.
Didn't he win?
(Gosh)
Jin Young?
(Jin Young?)
- Are you okay? - Yes.
Take it easy.
Are you exhausted?
Jackson, it might damage your pride.
(He won't back away.)
It might damage your pride.
Jin Young seems quite...
(He becomes faster.)
(He jumps about.)
Good job.
(He pops a balloon.)
(That's a professional move.)
That was amazing.
- It was great. - We should replay it.
- He's definitely a professional. - It's like the Olympics.
- He's a professional. - That was amazing.
That's good.
- This is real fencing. - Fencing.
Here he comes.
(His reaction speed is incredible.)
(The score is 1 to 2.)
You have one left.
Finish the game.
- Let's go. - You have one left.
Let him pop 1, and pop the last 1.
It's okay.
(Thud)
- I'm sorry. - Was that intentional?
(He attacks him.)
I can't believe him.
- That's right. - That was smooth.
You damaged your reputation.
Seriously.
- That's not right. - Don't do it.
You get a warning.
You can't attack him while apologizing.
How...
(He makes a sudden attack.)
Each has one balloon left.
(Each player has one balloon.)
You must win.
(He moves at his full speed.)
Come on.
(He kicks his shoe.)
Move forward.
Go.
(A moment of carelessness determines the winner.)
Will there be a twist?
No.
(Which team will win Key Guide?)
(Jackson's balloon pops.)
(He's speechless.)
Good job, Jin Young.
The result of fencing is...
Team Jang Hoon wins.
(Team Jang Hoon obtains Key Guide.)
I won't give up.
- You'll find out. - Take a look.
- I'm sure about Seong Wu. - This one.
- Which one shall we choose? - This one.
- What is it? - Okay.
This is Key Guide that we choose.
What is it?
Master Key reveals what happened during Investigation Mission.
There are better choices.
It's an excellent choice.
We choose this one.
We won't look.
- Don't worry. - Seriously.
Don't look, Sang Min.
- It's not visible from here. - Don't look, Hyun Moo.
- We can't see. - Vote for me, Won Hee.
Show us the result.
Let's see.
Seriously?
Did anyone accomplish anything?
Yes.
(Don't you remember?)
Right?
(Two with Master Key won the fencing match.)
- Be quiet. - Okay.
- Okay. - Be quiet.
It's too...
Okay.
I don't remember who won.
It said that Master Keys are Rubber Band Fencing and panties.
They did well with rubber band panties?
Yes.
(Seong Wu, Hee Chul, Jang Hoon and Jin Young are winners.)
Did anyone win?
Are those who won...
an important hint?
You can narrow down the possibility.
- Is it helpful? - Yes.
Let's go.
It's time to go.
Did you see it?
I'll tell you.
You were bad.
Did you see it?
You guys are frustrating.
Sang Min.
- Sang Min. - This is frustrating.
You're a genius.
You're playing an essential role.
What am I?
You're Demon because...
For...
the first hint about Master Key,
- Daniel asked... - The bread is delicious.
about me.
Daniel found out who I am.
- That's why he came to me. - Instead of wasting time,
let's find Angel and Demon.
I'm Angel.
(I'm right here.)
Why do you keep spilling?
You keep spilling.
It happens when you get old.
Why do you think, Jin Young?
Is your opinion about Sang Min the same?
Listen, Jin Young.
You can't be sure of anything.
I'm serious.
- Are you worried? - You should be open-minded.
This is important in life.
Why go that far?
The moment you go off-guard,
your ability to handle a crisis significantly drops.
This bread is good.
(What?)
The white one is more delicious.
Stop.
Who's the person that doesn't need gold as much?
- You. - Right.
- Why is he bragging? - That's why he's not the Angel.
I will tell you one thing.
A rich man is greedier.
The richer the greedier you are.
- The richer the greedier you are. - This is not what I meant to say.
Protecting your wealth is tougher than earning your wealth.
I'll tell you why I said this.
I'm the least desperate for gold.
But I still insist that I am the Angel...
because I want to share gold with all of you.
What would I do if I get the gold?
Then just share your wealth to us.
(Why don't you donate some of your wealth?)
I'll say the conclusion.
Sang Min is the Demon, right?
So let's just start finding the Angel.
You're saying I am either Angel or Demon.
- Right. - There's 50, 50 percent chance.
Check if I am the Angel or the Demon.
He's certainly the Demon.
I am certain about it.
You heard me, right?
You just need to see if I am the Angel or the Demon.
Don't believe anything else people say about me.
He's certainly one of the two.
- He is. - You keep saying I am the Demon.
Just check if I am the Angel or the Demon.
See who else is there.
If you lie, you should promote Got7's new album...
- on social media. - Of course.
My gut feeling is precise.
Why are you insisting that I am the Demon?
- My gut feeling is precise. - Right.
You...
Why do you insist that I am the Demon?
(Everyone wants to know.)
- Are you... - I just know it.
- one of the two? - No.
- I know you have the Master Key. - Right.
I can't tell you who has the other Master Key, but I know.
I know that that person is the Angel.
You're 100 percent wrong.
Did you check who the Angel is?
You are.
I can't say it in front of the Demon.
You should talk without me then.
When I was here last time,
I kept saying I was the Angel, but people didn't believe me.
But the person who talk logically...
and insist being the Angel...
is certainly the Demon.
Jin Young is my greatest enemy today.
Jin Young is.
This is frustrating.
I think it could be Seong Wu too.
- He's just like me from last time. - But he insists he got an X.
- So I am not sure. - He might be lying.
Wait. Who said that?
Jin Young said Seong Wu didn't have the Master Key.
(Wait.)
Does Seong Wu have the Master Key?
It's not Seong Wu.
(Jin Young insisted that Seong Wu doesn't have the Master Key.)
Jin Young might be lying.
(Can they trust Jin Young's words?)
It might be a lie that Seong Wu doesn't have the Master Key.
(Did Jin Young tell the truth?)
This is why I am confused.
I did that because...
I kept insisting to go with the last one because...
I won the fencing game.
I am the winner, you know?
- The one I am suspicious of is JR. - You don't have the Master Key.
You don't have the Master Key.
- Why do you keep lying? - Will you do this to me?
- Hey. - I am...
- You have to tell me the truth. - I am telling the truth.
- But I know the truth. - Are you the Bell of Truth?
I know.
He thinks he's better because he's been on this show a few times.
- No. - We have to unite.
Look.
Do you think I came here to win gold?
Chan Yeol said the same thing.
Is it because we are from the same agency?
You have to trust me, Ji Min.
- You have to trust me. - Are you saying you're the Angel?
(What is the truth?)
But you're not going to believe me even if I say it?
Your eyes are full of lies.
- I... - There they are.
(The Angel is here.)
You hyenas.
You saw what I did.
I haven't done much though.
- You're not it. - You're not the Angel.
- You're so mean. - You're not.
It's certain that you're not. So be smart about who you ally with.
I am serious. Look at my eyes.
Who did he play against?
- I played against JR. - JR.
- He won, right? - I won.
And I popped one.
- Remember that I won. - Don't come near us.
I won.
Maybe it's Seong Wu?
There's no one to trust.
The Demon or the Angel?
(Does Seong Wu have the Angel's Master Key?)
(Investigation Mission 3)
- This is the last game. - All right, everyone.
- We have to see. - Wait.
I'm sorry. Hold on.
- We are all gathered here. - Right.
I will use this chance to say this for the last time.
I am the Angel.
I will tell you for the last time.
This is not how you do it.
You blew away the last chance.
You can just ignore what I say.
- But I gave you the last chance. - Among all the recent guests,
he's the one who doesn't fit in the most.
I gave you the last chance.
He doesn't fit into this show.
Are you Seo Jang Hoon junior?
I gave you a chance.
We won't be needing that last chance.
Let's make sure to win this time.
Last game is Ask the Stars.
(Ask the Stars)
Ask the stars
Each team gets six number cards...
and six sign cards.
There is a plus, minus, multiplication, and division sign.
The number cards have numbers on them.
You have to combine one number card...
with one sign card to get a bigger number.
There will be a total of six rounds.
The team that wins more becomes the ultimate winner.
So you have to get a bigger number.
- You can deduct or divide. - This is fun.
- This is... We have to win it. - This is fun.
The one who gets a bigger number wins.
It's the Pokemon battle.
Just give us the random ones.
1 white one and 2 black ones.
(They divide the cards.)
It's random.
- Just take whatever you want. - We will take these.
- Give it to them. - It's randomly selected.
- There's no Angel here. - We should've distributed well.
We got a big one.
All right.
- Please open the envelopes. - Gather up.
Gather up.
So each team has...
So this is how it is.
(Team Jang Hoon got numbers 1, 2, 3, 5, 6, and 7.)
- You can see it, right? - Minus.
This is good.
It's all about the timing.
That's the strongest one. We have to hope theirs is a weak one.
We don't know when that would be. We have to be careful.
I think we should give up the first two rounds.
- We have to plan the combinations. - Yes.
Let's see the highest number we can come up with.
The highest number we can make is...
Let's use this one.
When you start a game like this,
you usually start with a low number at first.
That's how people usually play it.
But we should play with a big number from the start.
Okay.
- Let's go. - Let's go.
- All right. - Cheers.
Go, Pokemon.
This is Round One.
Lower the white card.
- This is fun. - The cards are down.
- Let's see. - It's the left one.
- Put down the sign card. - I played this a long time ago.
All right.
On the count of three, please flip the cards.
1, 2, 3.
(Team Jang Hoon 6, Team Hyun Moo 6)
Both teams got the number six.
- My goodness. - No way.
It means both teams think the same.
- Right. - All right.
Let's check the sign cards.
The sign cards. 1, 2, 3.
Let's see.
3.
(Team Jang Hoon wins.)
They used the strong one.
- Okay. - It's 1 to 0.
Theirs is "multiply by 3", and ours is "plus 2".
- Right. - Is there "multiply by 4" too?
What signs do we have?
(How did Team Jang Hoon see through Sang Min's tactic?)
- Sang Min is very good at this. - Yes.
Sang Min understands people's psychology well.
He might think we are going to give up the first few rounds.
(They figured out Sang Min's tactic and decided to go head-on.)
The numbers were 18 and 8.
Come here.
(They have an emergency meeting.)
That was the biggest number they had, right?
We would've lost even if we gave our biggest number.
- We would've lost anyway. - Right.
They used up their biggest number.
They're going to give the lowest number this time.
Let's go with something in the middle.
That one.
Let's win with this one.
Isn't it too small?
Then...
Now...
Isn't it better?
They will use a big number.
- So should we use this one? - Yes.
Okay.
- All right. - The game is on.
- Come on out. - Round Two.
- All right. - Put it down first.
- Put it down. - Let's go, Ji Min.
Sang Min confidently chose the cards.
- Let's see. - All right.
I know your plan.
So I can reveal our cards with confidence.
- Yes. All the team members... - 1, 2, 3.
Three.
It's 1 and 4.
Should we reveal the sign cards?
1, 2, 3.
(What are the sign cards?)
Let's get it.
Okay.
- Let's get it. - Okay.
Sang Min is a genius.
- Ours was 4 subtracted by 1. - Sang Min.
- Theirs was 1 subtracted by 2. - We were just getting rid of them.
He predicted it and planned accordingly.
(He saved good cards and won with a small number.)
Sang Min is amazing.
I think we should use this.
- This? - We can use this on Round Four.
We have the advantage.
The score is 1 to 1, but we have the big numbers.
They used six...
- and 2. - They don't have 6 anymore.
(Will they attack with a big number or win with another small number?)
Let's see.
Hurry up.
When will you be done, Won Hee?
- Are you still not done? - We are nearly done.
Just tell her you love her.
- Tell her to vote for me. - Just tell her you love her.
Tell her to vote for me.
- Just ask for her number. - I'm sick of it.
- Tell her you love her. - Let's win with these.
Let's win with these cards.
Okay.
Seong Wu.
It won't be easy.
(Daniel versus Seong Wu)
- Let's get it! - Let's get it!
This round is important.
This round is important. This round is important.
- This round is important. - This round will decide who wins.
- Here we go. - Flip the white card first.
- It's already Round Three. - 1, 2, 3.
1, 2, 3.
(Team Jang Hoon 5, Team Hyun Moo 8)
- This round is important. - It's 8 to 5.
This round is important.
I trust you, Sang Min.
1, 2, 3.
(Which sign cards did they use?)
(Team Jang Hoon +3, Team Hyun Moo +1)
Yes!
(Team Hyun Moo wins.)
- It's 8 and 9. - It's over.
- It's over. - It's over.
- The game is over. - You can relax now.
The game is over.
Sang Min is back.
- He's unbelievably clever. - He's scary.
Relax now.
- We've done it. - You're unbelievable.
I think he should write a book like "The Art of War."
He's too good.
- Will you be fine? - Have confidence.
- This is our trump card. - Let's go.
- Let's go. - We will go with this one.
- Be confident. - 1, 2, 3.
We will end it.
It's 2 and 3.
We have a surprise card.
1, 2, 3. Reveal the card.
We are going to win happily.
Minus 2. It's 0.
Okay.
(Both teams get 0.)
(It's a tie.)
- We won. - Don't be upset.
Relax now.
- We have one strong one. - Yes.
- Isn't it this one? - Are these the two?
Then we should go with this one.
It's over if we lose.
- Let's go with this one. - Okay.
- All right. - It's okay.
(They're at the edge of the cliff now.)
We can use any of these now.
We can relax now.
But let's win one more time.
Let's win. Let's get it over with.
(They are very confident that they're going to win.)
All right. Won Hee is playing next.
- No. It's 2 to 1 now. - What's this?
(Round 5)
We will...
end the game here.
- 1, 2, 3. - 1, 2, 3.
We have 5, and you have 7.
All right.
1, 2, 3.
Let's get it.
(Team Jang Hoon 7, Team Hyun Moo 5)
(Will Team Jang Hoon win and extend the game?)
Let's get it.
- We got it. - 7 times 2 is 14. 5 times 2 is 10.
(No way.)
(Team Jang Hoon wins.)
We lost.
- I didn't know they had those. - We don't...
We don't make a fuss.
It's 2 to 2 now.
They had another "multiply by 2" card.
(Nobody knows who will win now.)
I didn't see that coming.
- What do we do? - We've been too impatient.
We've been impatient.
- We have one more round. - We should go with this one.
Let's go.
(Hee Chul versus Eun Hyuk)
Where did the player go?
Come on. Bring it on.
Okay.
- All right. - Okay.
- Okay. - What did he say?
Come this way.
Let's go. Let's end it here.
- Let's go! - Let's flip the white card.
1, 2, 3.
- Let's go. - Let's start small.
That's it.
- We did it. - 4 and 3.
- Flip the black card. - 1, 2, 3.
(The last sign cards are revealed.)
(There's nothing they can do now.)
(Which team will get the last Key Guide?)
- We did it. - 4 and 3.
- Flip the black card. - 1, 2, 3.
(Team Hyun Moo -3, Team Jang Hoon +2)
(Team Jang Hoon wins.)
We won.
Minus 3 and plus 2.
(We completely lost.)
They said Sang Min was a genius,
but they lost.
You said we were going to win.
We won.
All right. We won.
We lost.
(Team Jang Hoon gets the last Key Guide.)
Jang Hoon is unbelievable.
It's all right. We were happy while playing it.
We were happy while playing it.
We won all games.
(Team Jang Hoon wins all the games.)
Should I have an exorcism to get rid of the bad luck?
That team got the hint...
and confirmed it.
You have to pick me.
- Are you really the Angel? - That way you can get the gold.
- Are you really the Angel? - I am really the Angel.
Do you want me to say something? I am the Angel too.
I need to persuade everyone.
This is the only time I have to persuade people.
What are you?
Who are you going to vote for?
I am the Angel.
- Sang Min... - I'll be right there.
- is the Demon. - Hey.
- Eun Hyuk, if the shoot ends... - You don't have to think.
You can check me.
Can you check two people?
Then you can check me and Sang Min.
Sang Min is the Demon.
(Seong Wu persistently insists that he's the Angel.)
- You have to recognize me and... - Are you really the Angel?
You have to share it with... Yes. I am really the Angel.
It will say O. When it does, share it with everybody.
And support me.
Vote me as the Angel and take the key.
- We will check it. - Yes. You have to check.
You have to check me. You must check me this time.
I told you so many times, and you didn't check.
I won't give up.
You have to check. Check me.
I am explaining this to you...
because you don't seem to trust me.
(They don't believe him at all.)
Of course we don't trust you.
- It's like talking to a wall. - How can we...
How can we trust you?
I can't trust you at all.
There's no reason to trust you.
It's like shouting to a wall.
You will see once you check me.
I won't give up.
(Will the other players check his identity?)
I won't give up until the end.
(It's their last chance to get hints.)
Pay attention.
We will use the third Key Guide...
That's very important.
We will write down the names of the players...
whose identity we want to check.
The crew will complete the sentence which would give us a hint.
But both sentences could be true or false.
They will give you two sentences,
- but one of them is true. - No. Either both are true...
- or both are false. - False.
All right.
Is this the truth?
Then...
(We already know that Sang Min has the Master Key.)
We have to form the sentence.
Let's put down Sang Min's name.
- Let's put down Sang Min's name. - Yes.
We have to write one other person's name then.
Then they will say if it's true or false.
Do we just have to put down the name?
- It's either O or X. - Who's the Angel?
There are too many number of cases then.
- Right. - Right.
- When we write down the names... - They will tell us.
- Seong Wu. - Seong Wu.
Seong Wu.
What if we get an O and an X?
- Both are problematic. - They are checking Seong Wu.
- I know. - We will know then.
(Are they checking Seong Wu?)
(They decide to check Seong Wu.)
Okay.
When we get the answer, we will know.
Right.
Why do that?
- We are done. - We will check Seong Wu.
We already have it.
- So we... - Come here.
Did they take it?
They took it.
Let's check their faces.
(Among all the players who claimed to be the Angel,)
(Seong Wu got chosen in the end.)
(Is Seong Wu the other one with the Master Key?)
Let's see their faces.
- That's it. - It's over.
(It said both Sang Min and Seong Wu have the Master Key.)
(I told you!)
- We did it. - We did it.
We did it.
(Daniel, I am sorry I lied that I was the Angel.)
(Now Seong Wu can say what happened.)
Is this key the Master Key?
(He asked the question.)
Seong Wu doesn't have it.
(This Key is the Master Key.)
Did you see him closing it hastily?
Why did you close it so quickly?
I was too happy.
(Seong Wu has the Master Key.)
(Jin Young was neither the Angel nor the Demon.)
At first, I kept insisting that I was the Angel,
but I didn't do a good job.
From what I've seen, I think Seong Wu is the Angel.
Sang Min is the Demon.
Seong Wu is acting like the Angel.
I am certain about it.
Are you really the Angel?
You have to trust me until the end.
You have to trust me.
Can you dance for me then?
You are...
What are you doing?
Jackson asked me to do it.
It's not the time to dance.
Jackson begged me.
How can you dance when you lost three times?
You have to trust me. Even if it's just you.
- I trust all of you. You did well. - You helped us a lot.
All right.
You have all the hints now.
It's the last chance.
Let's go to the Room of Fate.
(It's time for the Room of Fate.)
(You trust me, right, Hee Chul?)
You trust me, right, Hee Chul?
I am so happy. I'm relieved.
I was so happy when everyone clapped.
(This is how happy you get once you've been proven.)
I was so happy.
You are getting fooled.
(He's the only person who believes Sang Min.)
- You're getting fooled. - Really?
Yes. You are getting fooled by Seong Woo.
Just know that you are...
getting fooled by Seong Woo the Demon.
Seong Woo is the Demon,
and I am the Angel. You're being fooled.
Please be clever.
I won't be fooled.
I am the Angel. You are getting fooled by him.
Please be clever.
- I am being clever. - Right.
- Really. - Why am I the only one though?
It's because you're naive.
I won't be naive anymore then.
(I can't believe this naive boy is all I have.)
They're getting fooled.
- Seong Wu is fooling them. - Really?
They are completely fooled.
- You're not lying, right? - I am not.
I was once...
tricked by Chan Yeol.
I'm serious. I felt bad...
when I made you suffer from it.
(I never want to recall that memory.)
We can only try it. It's a 50-50 chance.
My team wearing white...
had Angel,
but never found it and became a group of idiots.
You wearing black...
won the game 3 times and won 3 chances,
but the fact you couldn't find Angel...
makes you idiots.
I'll show you that we're not idiots.
Seong Wu.
If it's not true...
It has to be true. It has to be.
It can't possibly be. It has to be.
- It's frustrating. - You're the biggest frustration.
It's frustrating.
Then now...
(Election begins.)
write the name of the person you think is Angel.
(Master Key owners are Ong Seong Wu and Lee Sang Min.)
- Do I put it inside? - Yes.
Please vote.
I'll trust the person I'm writing down.
I've already trusted that person.
I have all the evidence.
(Vote ends.)
Ladies and gentlemen. Ong Seong Wu is...
- You succeeded. - Lee Sang Min.
We all succeeded.
Everyone who voted me succeeded.
- Sure. - Please.
(Will Ong Seong Wu get the most votes to open the box?)
I trust you.
- Sang Min. - Then now...
All X should help each other.
Good job today, everyone.
Let's reveal the prize box.
(Here comes the prize box.)
When the key of the person with the most votes turns...
and the blue light comes on, that key is the Master Key.
If that key belongs to Devil, it will turn red.
If a green light comes on, it means the owner's Angel.
Please reveal the player with the most votes.
(Here comes the most voted player.)
We'll tell you with a light.
(Which player received the most votes?)
If it's the opposite,
- Right. - then we're really...
Then we're really...
It'll be the opposite.
(The most voted player)
- Ong Seong Wu. - It got to be him.
- If it's the opposite... - You're all idiots.
(Is Seong Wu the owner of Angel's Master Key?)
For what reason? What's your evidence?
He's talking too much.
(Two Master Key candidates' feelings cross.)
- What's wrong with him? - Let's do it.
Let's check if Sang Min's right to be upset.
The most voted, Seong Wu. Please go up.
Seong Wu keeps smiling.
- Now. - Look at his face.
- Hey. - He can't hide it.
- No. - Wait.
Is Seong Wu's smile Angel's smile...
or Devil's smile?
- He's right. - Isn't he Angel?
He's Angel.
Let's trust him.
- Now. - Great job, Seong Wu.
- Insert... - Please.
- your key. - Please.
- It feels strange. - Whether he's Angel or Devil,
if he has the Master Key, the light will turn blue.
- Check... - It's frustrating.
Master Key.
- This... - What?
He has the Master Key.
It means he's either Angel or Devil.
It's not determined yet?
- Now, - Green or red?
if the light turns green, he's Angel.
- If it turns red, - Please.
What are you doing? You're making me nervous.
(What's the truth behind his smile?)
He's just enjoying it.
Did you really act for long?
Please. I trust you.
I believe you for the last time.
Then now...
- let's check. - Good luck, Ong Seong Wu.
When I say 1, 2, 3,
please say "Are you Angel or Demon?"
I can't watch it.
My gosh.
Ong Seong Wu. 1, 2, 3.
- Are you Angel or Demon? - Are you Angel or Demon?
(What is Seong Wu?)
(Seong Wu's owner of Demon's Master Key.)
(No way.)
(Demon's smile)
I knew it!
(They fall down automatically.)
(Demon's Master Key owner wins for the first time.)
Hey. You. Gosh.
Why? For what reason?
He earned 10 votes out of 12.
10 votes?
(How did Seong Wu win?)
Is this key the Master Key?
Ong Seong Wu and JR are expressionless.
(Ong Seong Wu's owner of Demon's Master Key.)
Are you really not the one, Seong Wu?
(He hid his identity from the beginning,)
(and appealed that he's Angel.)
You should trust me and support me.
(But something...)
(isn't going right.)
(No one trusts him.)
Now's the only time to persuade them.
Be honest.
(He persuades his best friend first.)
(It's 100 percent real.)
(He found Jin Young.)
I'd never lie to you.
(He appealed actively to Ko Won Hee and Ji Min.)
Then we can share.
I won't give up.
You can check it yourself.
(Team Jang Hoon's use of Key Guide...)
(reveals that he has the Master Key.)
He received 10 votes out of 12.
10 votes?
He persuaded people one by one.
- Ong Seong Wu. - I knew he'd do it.
But we must give him an applause since he succeeded.
Hey, Ong Seong Wu.
I got deceived again.
- Who's Angel then? - Hold on.
- Is it Sang Min? - Is it Sang Min?
- I'm sorry. - Sure.
Sang Min.
You didn't feel like Angel at all.
- Actually... - What was your plan?
I thought if I focus on...
Ko Won Hee, Jackson, and Kang Daniel...
I thought I'd receive at least five votes.
Is this key the Master Key?
(Your key is Angel's Master Key.)
(He checked his key is Angel's Master Key.)
(He started arguing that he's Angel.)
(He persuaded people...)
(and even yelled at them.)
Are you Demon?
(He appears to be Demon.)
(He even sang to persuade people,)
(but Jin Young persuaded everyone...)
(that he's Angel and Sang Min's Demon.)
He's Demon.
- Stop it now. - Since it says you're either...
(He's been everywhere with players,)
(but players don't even look at him because they fell for Jin Young.)
(He failed to earn votes.)
I failed.
Gosh.
- Is that real gold? - It is.
It's the biggest reward.
Inside the reward box,
there are three golden keys.
We'll give you multiplied by 10.
(A total of 30 golden keys earned.)
He's the best actor.
It was fun though.
- Good job. - It was fun.
It was shocking.
How did you do that?
(Ong Seong Wu wins at last.)
(Young men and women visit a phone booth in Master Village.)
(Are you Angel?)
(Angel, my foot.)
(Angel ability test one: driving)
(Tough road)
(Stop, stop.)
(Keep driving.)
(I don't have a license.)
My gosh, Suk Jin.
(Angel ability test two: game intelligence)
(He never spoke after that.)
(How to be Angel even if you can't do those things?)
(Deceive yourself and your friend.)
(You must deceive everyone...)
(to be Angel.)
- Are you Angel or Demon? - Are you Angel or Demon?
(Be quiet, Ong Seong Wu.)
(Master Key)